Update as per 4.46.0-preview (#3461)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: MauiStatus.md

> # Maui Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MAUI Status

```

Please make this change for all occurrences

This file tracks the progress of MAUI. Main branch has MSAL.NET code that is ported to MAUI. **It currently supports only iOS and Android platforms.** The branch has [two dev apps](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/tree/main/tests/devapps/MauiApps) used to for testing.   

> A preview package has been published on Nuget. [Microsoft.Identity.Client 4.46.0-preview2]( https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Client/4.46.0-preview2)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A preview package has been published on NuGet. [Microsoft.Identity.Client 4.46.0-preview2]( https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Client/4.46.0-preview2)  

```

**Note:** This is a preview package and not meant for production.

## Known issue with the package

> - There can be compilation issue for UWP project with the NuGet package. [Issue #3460](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3460).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UWP project does not compile with the NuGet package. [Issue #3460](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3460).

```

    - MauiAppWithBroker  
    This shows how to perform authentication with broker. It has the common pattern of ATS+ATI.
    - Microsoft.Identity.client  

>     This refers to the source code. If you want to use the package, you cna remove references to this project and the project from the solution and add the Nuget package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This refers to the source code. If you want to use the package, you can remove references to this project and the project from the solution and add the NuGet package.

```

| iOS (Embedded) | **Works** |
| Android (System) | **Works** |
| Android (Embedded) | **NA** |
| Forms UWP | Does not compile |

> | WinUI3 | - |

Reviewer: n/a? for WinUI3 and MacOS
